This article documents how to install and config company in emacs.

Install

To install company, just use emacs built-in functionality.
Type 

M-x list-packages

Then find "company" in the buffer. Enter the entry you can find a button "Install" and it will handle anything about installation.

Config

It seems that company mode is depend on a backend software like clang or semantic. Emacs has built-in semantic but no clang. It seems
that company-mode can work well with semantic, so we just forget about clang now.

To enable company mode in every buffer, you can use

M-x global-company-mode

Or just add

(add-hook 'after-init-hook 'global-company-mode)

in your .emacs or your own init file.

If you just want use company mode while you're programming, then add

(add-hook 'c-mode-common-hook 'company-mode)

in your .emacs or your own init file. I write c/c++ code, so I use 'c-mode-common-hook, you can change this to what you want.

Company mode depends on semantic mode. So we have to add 

(semantic-mode 1)

in .emacs or inti file too.

Now company mode will automatically run "company-clang" for c/c++ files. Since we don't have clang installed, this command will simply 
result in failure. Emacs will report this but it won't cause any problem now.

Now with company-mode set-up, we can see the efftor we have made. Now when you are typing, the company-mode will show you a candidate
list for completion. You can use M-p or M-n to move up and down respectivelly. It seems the default setting is to use Enter to insert
the completion content while most of us are used to use TAB. I will find out how to change the settings too.

That's all for now.

Here is some codes that make your company mode response faster.

(setq company-dabbrev-downcase 0)
(setq company-idle-delay 0) ;; some one says taht this line will waste your cpu, so be cautious
(defun tab-indent-or-complete () ;; I haven't used this function, just document it here
  (interactive)
  (if (minibufferp)
      (minibuffer-complete)
    (if (or (not yas-minor-mode)
            (null (do-yas-expand)))
        (if (check-expansion)
            (company-complete-common)
          (indent-for-tab-command)))))

(global-set-key [backtab] 'tab-indent-or-complete)
